CS 325 - Introduction to Computer Game Design
Digital Assignment 3 - Carson Forsyth
Laser Night
Originality: What is original about your game?
	It is a flying racing game where you must also avoid obstacles and perform simple tricks.
Technical Merit: What is interesting about your game technology?
	I am hoping that the feeling will be good due to the controls and physics and that I am using a 3D library.
Prototype Postmortem: What did you learn from this prototype? What was the easiest or hardest part of making it?
	I am learning how to use Three.js to do all the 3D graphics and the graphics pipeline.
Prototype Assets: Did you make your prototype assets from scratch? Did you borrow them? Cite your sources here.
	All assets are my own.
Prototype Closest Other Game: Which other game most closely resembles your game? If you are borrowing code from a Phaser Example, you must say so here. If you borrow code from elsewhere, you must say so here.
	I am not aware of any other games that resemble the style and type of game I am going for.
High Concept: A one-sentence summary of your game.
	Race and see how well you can fly and beat the course.
Theme: State which of the themes or challenges you used.
	None.
Mandated Variety: State which input, randomness, genre, and play style you used in this prototype.
	Input: keyboard, indirect
	Randomness: deterministic
	Genre: 3D, third person
	Play Style: Competitor
Prototype Goal: What game mechanic is this prototype evaluating?
	3D graphics
Player Experience Goals: What experience do you want players to have when playing your game?
	A fast paced game that feels good and like you are flying a plane.
Gameplay: A paragraph describing the actions the player can perform, the system dynamics, and the core mechanic. Include a concise explanation of the prototype’s inputs and their expected effects (how to play). You can also describe game play that is not in the prototype. You may include mock-up images for parts of the game not in the prototype.
	You are controlling the plane as it flies.  You can use WASD to control the plane.  W is used to pitch upwards, S is used to pitch downwards. A is used to roll left.  D is used to roll right.  Pressing SPACE gives you a super boost.  Your goal is to follow all the rings and complete the course.  If you run into any walls, you will have to restart.  When you complete the course, you are told your time.
Play Time: How long does your game take to play?
	Only a few minutes.